cloud experience host information (#3417)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-how-it-works-technology.md

- [Storage Root Key](#storage-root-key)
- [Trust Type](#trust-type)
- [Trusted Platform Module](#trusted-platform-module)

> - [Cloud Experience Host](#cloud-experience-host)

Reviewer: move to after Cloud Deployment

[Azure AD Joined](#azure-ad-joined), [Azure AD Registered](#azure-ad-registered), [Deployment Type](#deployment-type), [Join Type](#join-type)

[Return to Top](hello-how-it-works-technology.md)
## Cloud Experience Host

> In Windows 10 Enterprise edition, Cloud Experience Host is an application that helps you join the workplace environment or Azure AD using your company-provided credentials. Once you enroll your device to your workplace environment or Azure AD, your organization will be able to manage your PC and collect information about you (including your location). It might add or remove apps or content, change settings, disable features, prevent you from removing your company account, or reset your PC. 

Reviewer 2: CXH is not just an Enterprise edition concept. It is used in MSA flows as well. I think that Enterprise reference should probably be removed. Do we want to specify that it is used to host authentication pages from the Server (AAD or ADFS)?

Author: Thanks for your feedback and it looks like you have more grip on the content related to CXH. Please modify the content that best defines this phrase.

Reviewer 3: @mapalko - what do you suggest for @joinimran to modify in this PR? 
Kindly guide him in terms of which portion to edit and what should be added/changed. 
Thank you.

Reviewer 2: I would change the first sentence to something closer to the following:

In Windows 10, Cloud Experience Host is an application used while joining the workplace environment or Azure AD for rendering the experience when collecting your company-provided credentials.

Author: @mapalko I have changed the content as suggested.

[Return to Top](hello-how-it-works-technology.md)

## Cloud Experience Host

> In Windows 10 Enterprise edition, cloud experience host is a component that helps you join the workplace environment or Azure AD using your company provided credentials. Once you enroll your device to your workplace environment or Azure AD, your organization will be able to manage your PC and collect information about you(including your location). It might add or remove apps or content, change settings, disable features, prevent you from removing your company account, or reset your PC. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Windows 10 Enterprise edition, Cloud Experience Host is an application that helps you join the workplace environment or Azure AD using your company-provided credentials. Once you enroll your device to your workplace environment or Azure AD, your organization will be able to manage your PC and collect information about you (including your location). It might add or remove apps or content, change settings, disable features, prevent you from removing your company account, or reset your PC. 
```

### Related topics

> [Windows Hello for Business](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-identity-verification), [Managed Windows Hello in Organization](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-manage-in-organization)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Windows Hello for Business](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-identity-verification), [Managed Windows Hello in Organization](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-manage-in-organization)
```

Reviewer: I think the related topics are supposed to be other terms in this collection,

### More information

> - [Windows Hello for Business and Device Registration](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-how-it-works-device-registration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Windows Hello for Business and Device Registration](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-how-it-works-device-registration)
```
